Fall-2021-all-resources.md, before:

# Key College Resources (Links)

## CHEM 122/123

1. [Blackboard](https://uic.blackboard.com/ultra/courses/_205861_1/cl/outline) _(very important stuff here, especially especially [the syllabus](https://learn-us-east-1-prod-fleet02-xythos.content.blackboardcdn.com/5cc71db6522fe/20148063?X-Blackboard-Expiration=1629698400000&X-Blackboard-Signature=Plo90bTTITo1cVe5doW0Dq4iHjyAfhLkB%2B9%2BNyrVCBY%3D&X-Blackboard-Client-Id=100219&response-cache-control=private%2C%20max-age%3D21600&response-content-disposition=inline%3B%20filename%2A%3DUTF-8%27%27CHEM%2520122%2520Syllabus%2520Fall%25202021.pdf&response-content-type=application%2Fpdf&X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Date=20210823T000000Z&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Expires=21600&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAZH6WM4PL5SJBSTP6%2F20210823%2Fus-east-1%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Signature=1ae038c80730a4a6d63012ced85059303a13dc40681bff6d74b30b338702d226)_
1. As [the syllabus](https://learn-us-east-1-prod-fleet02-xythos.content.blackboardcdn.com/5cc71db6522fe/20148063?X-Blackboard-Expiration=1629698400000&X-Blackboard-Signature=Plo90bTTITo1cVe5doW0Dq4iHjyAfhLkB%2B9%2BNyrVCBY%3D&X-Blackboard-Client-Id=100219&response-cache-control=private%2C%20max-age%3D21600&response-content-disposition=inline%3B%20filename%2A%3DUTF-8%27%27CHEM%2520122%2520Syllabus%2520Fall%25202021.pdf&response-content-type=application%2Fpdf&X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Date=20210823T000000Z&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Expires=21600&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAZH6WM4PL5SJBSTP6%2F20210823%2Fus-east-1%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Signature=1ae038c80730a4a6d63012ced85059303a13dc40681bff6d74b30b338702d226) points out, you'll need to install some software on your MacBook to take the exams. Dad will help with this the next time he's down.


## Honors College

1. [Honors College Handbook](https://uofi.app.box.com/v/handbook-2020-2021)
  * All HC students are _required_ to read this entire PDF and to understand it.
  * scroll down to CURRICULUM (page 15) for clear requirements
  * (note: you may be prompted to install some bullsh.t "Box" app. If so, let me know and I will help.)
2. [Honors College Requirements](https://catalog.uic.edu/ucat/colleges-depts/honors-college/) 
  * Dad thinks the handbook is clearer.

Commit message:

HON 122: add 'working agreements' [heart]

Fall-2021-all-resources.md, after:

# Key College Resources (Links)

## CHEM 122/123

1. [Blackboard](https://uic.blackboard.com/ultra/courses/_205861_1/cl/outline) _(very important stuff here, especially especially [the syllabus](https://learn-us-east-1-prod-fleet02-xythos.content.blackboardcdn.com/5cc71db6522fe/20148063?X-Blackboard-Expiration=1629698400000&X-Blackboard-Signature=Plo90bTTITo1cVe5doW0Dq4iHjyAfhLkB%2B9%2BNyrVCBY%3D&X-Blackboard-Client-Id=100219&response-cache-control=private%2C%20max-age%3D21600&response-content-disposition=inline%3B%20filename%2A%3DUTF-8%27%27CHEM%2520122%2520Syllabus%2520Fall%25202021.pdf&response-content-type=application%2Fpdf&X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Date=20210823T000000Z&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Expires=21600&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAZH6WM4PL5SJBSTP6%2F20210823%2Fus-east-1%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Signature=1ae038c80730a4a6d63012ced85059303a13dc40681bff6d74b30b338702d226)_
1. As [the syllabus](https://learn-us-east-1-prod-fleet02-xythos.content.blackboardcdn.com/5cc71db6522fe/20148063?X-Blackboard-Expiration=1629698400000&X-Blackboard-Signature=Plo90bTTITo1cVe5doW0Dq4iHjyAfhLkB%2B9%2BNyrVCBY%3D&X-Blackboard-Client-Id=100219&response-cache-control=private%2C%20max-age%3D21600&response-content-disposition=inline%3B%20filename%2A%3DUTF-8%27%27CHEM%2520122%2520Syllabus%2520Fall%25202021.pdf&response-content-type=application%2Fpdf&X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Date=20210823T000000Z&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Expires=21600&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAZH6WM4PL5SJBSTP6%2F20210823%2Fus-east-1%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Signature=1ae038c80730a4a6d63012ced85059303a13dc40681bff6d74b30b338702d226) points out, you'll need to install some software on your MacBook to take the exams. Dad will help with this the next time he's down.


## HON 122

### Working Agreements

### Verbatim (from screenshot of whiteboard)
- Practice kind presence (no phone, no wifi)
- LISTEN to hear + understand; not respond
- Cultivate CURIOSITY + suspend judgement
- Give benefit of the doubt, assume _good_ intentions
- STEP UP, STEP BACK
- PLATINUM Rule: Treat ppl as _they_ want to be treated
- Sonder[?] - everyone’s life is as complex as your own
- Hard on the topic, soft on the people
- Extend GRACE re: all things - including socializing, remembering names
- Filipinx/a/o/ [?]
- Be mindful that one’s [? can’t read ?] (not lazy)
- resting != laziness
- You do not have to be “PERFECT” to be VALID
- Communicate to the best of your ability
### dad says
I love these. The stuff I couldn't read, I annotated with `[?]` (feel free to leave correct notes in comments below)


## Honors College (general)

1. [Honors College Handbook](https://uofi.app.box.com/v/handbook-2020-2021)
  * All HC students are _required_ to read this entire PDF and to understand it.
  * scroll down to CURRICULUM (page 15) for clear requirements
  * (note: you may be prompted to install some bullsh.t "Box" app. If so, let me know and I will help.)
2. [Honors College Requirements](https://catalog.uic.edu/ucat/colleges-depts/honors-college/) 
  * Dad thinks the handbook is clearer.
